c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\bin\Debug\MegaCastingsWPF.exe.config
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\bin\Debug\MegaCastingsWPF.exe
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\bin\Debug\MegaCastingsWPF.pdb
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\bin\Debug\MegaCastingsDblib.dll
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\bin\Debug\MegaCastingsDblib.pdb
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\MegaCastingsWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\MegaCastingsWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\MegaCastingsWPF_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\MegaCastingsWPF.g.resources
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\MegaCastingsWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\MegaCastingsWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\MegaCastingsWPF.exe
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\MegaCastingsWPF.pdb
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\ClientsView.g.cs
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\ClientsView.baml
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\DomaineMetierView.g.cs
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\MetierView.g.cs
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\OffresView.g.cs
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\TypesContratsView.g.cs
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\DomaineMetierView.baml
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\MetierView.baml
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\OffresView.baml
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\TypesContratsView.baml
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\bin\Debug\fr\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\bin\Debug\fr\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\Benoit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\FenetreClient.g.cs
C:\Users\Benoit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\FenetreClient.baml
C:\Users\Benoit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\FenetreDomaineMetier.g.cs
C:\Users\Benoit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\FenetreDomaineMetier.baml
C:\Users\Benoit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\FenetreMetier.g.cs
C:\Users\Benoit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\FenetreOffre.g.cs
C:\Users\Benoit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\FenetreTypeContrat.g.cs
C:\Users\Benoit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\FenetreMetier.baml
C:\Users\Benoit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\FenetreOffre.baml
C:\Users\Benoit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\FenetreTypeContrat.baml
C:\Users\Benoit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Benoit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\TabControlStyle.baml
C:\Users\Benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\FenetrePartenaire.g.cs
C:\Users\Benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\PartenaireView.g.cs
C:\Users\Benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\FenetrePartenaire.baml
C:\Users\Benoit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MegaCastingsWPF\MegaCastingsWPF\obj\Debug\PartenaireView.baml
